Add documentation for pruning neural sparse vectors (#8984)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-pipelines/neural-sparse-query-two-phase-processor.md

:--- | :--- | :---
`enabled` | Boolean | Controls whether the two-phase processor is enabled. Default is `true`.
`two_phase_parameter` | Object | A map of key-value pairs representing the two-phase parameters and their associated values. You can specify the value of `prune_ratio`, `expansion_rate`, `max_window_size`, or any combination of these three parameters. Optional.

> `two_phase_parameter.prune_type` | String | The prune strategy of how to split the high-weight tokens and low-weight tokens. Default is `max_ratio`. See prune options [here]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/processors/sparse-encoding/#sparse-vectors-prune).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`two_phase_parameter.prune_type` | String | The prune strategy for separating high-weight and low-weight tokens. Default is `max_ratio`. For valid values, see [Pruning sparse vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/processors/sparse-encoding/#pruning-sparse-vectors).
```

> `two_phase_parameter.prune_type` | String | The prune strategy for separating high-weight and low-weight tokens. Default is `max_ratio`. For valid values, see [Pruning sparse vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/processors/sparse-encoding/#pruning-sparse-vectors).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`two_phase_parameter.prune_type` | String | The pruning strategy for separating high-weight and low-weight tokens. Default is `max_ratio`. For valid values, see [Pruning sparse vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/processors/sparse-encoding/#pruning-sparse-vectors).
```

> `two_phase_parameter.prune_ratio` | Float | A ratio that represents how to split the high-weight tokens and low-weight tokens. The threshold is the token's maximum score multiplied by its `prune_ratio`. Valid range is [0,1] for `max_ratio` prune_type. Default is `0.4`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`two_phase_parameter.prune_ratio` | Float | This ratio defines how high-weight and low-weight tokens are separated. The threshold is calculated by multiplying the token's maximum score by its `prune_ratio`. Valid values are in the [0,1] range for `prune_type` set to `max_ratio` . Default is `0.4`.
```

> `two_phase_parameter.prune_ratio` | Float | This ratio defines how high-weight and low-weight tokens are separated. The threshold is calculated by multiplying the token's maximum score by its `prune_ratio`. Valid values are in the [0,1] range for `prune_type` set to `max_ratio` . Default is `0.4`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`two_phase_parameter.prune_ratio` | Float | This ratio defines how high-weight and low-weight tokens are separated. The threshold is calculated by multiplying the token's maximum score by its `prune_ratio`. Valid values are in the [0,1] range for `prune_type` set to `max_ratio`. Default is `0.4`.
```
